hello folks Bronco Bob here with Texas
best used motorcycles in Mansfield Texas
I'm here today to show you a 2014 this
is a Forest River Flagstaff Mac model
number 205 it's a pop-up tent camper
this thing's only been used one time
it's got a little table outside a little
barbecue grill that's never been used
you see the screen door is just all like
new inside it's got a queen-size
fold-out bed and a lot of countertop
space it's got a stainless steel 3
burner stove and it's got a sink with
hot and cold water here's your other
slide-out bed the dinette folds down
towards a small person can sleep it's
also got a refrigerator right here
Sadaat the medic is the brand name this
model also has heated mattresses that
you can plug in kind of like an electric
blanket and that's what these are for so
if you get a plug in where you're
camping it's got a full shower curtain
right here and it mounts on some tracks
up above the roof then this right here
is your shower and your bathroom area to
fold up you got drawers right here
storage space
it's got a thermostat control here for
your heat got keys to lock it up owner's
manual inside the pouch there's also a
DVD there's the manual cranks that
override if the power top fails to work
you can crank it down a little storage
pouch here for your shower curtain but
it's in very very clean
basically like new condition it's got
overhead lights there's also some other
stuff that go with it I'm going to show
you on the outside it's the first pop-up
I've seen that has a actually a hard
door but when you fold it down that door
mounts up kind of on the ceiling it's
got a spare tire on the back
but it's designed to keep the rain and
the water off you to keep you dry
it's got connections for water and
that's your heater discharge it's got a
tote in store for your waste material
you got hoses drain hoses fresh water
hoses even a cable TV hookup
you got adapters for your plugs here's a
water pressure regulator
it's got chemicals for the toilet
everything's right there the people that
had it only took it out one time it does
have a cable the hookup for for plug ins
fits in just really like new condition
we're gonna roll it into our showroom
and we're gonna put the awning out so
we'll have some more pictures up so that
you can see what it looks like with the
with the hunting all the way out but
thanks for looking thanks for your time
this is Bronco Bob wishing you happy
trails
if you're looking for a nice just like
new pop-up RV the list price on this was
over 11,000 we got a copy of the window
sticker you can save you a few thousand
bucks on this one have a great day
come see us Texas veggies motorcycles
calm